PROTAG:
---
Backstory: Overstressed, resentment
Present: No passion, uninspired
Motivation: Quiet, peace
Goal: Home, community
Inciting incident: Job
===

CAT:
---
Backstory: Lack of will, restoring control (home planet very dangerous)
Present: Ambition, desire, diligence (wants to make it safer)
Motivation: Home, community (lost a sibling to a quake at an early age)
Goal: A zest for life, joy (wants to make the world a happier place)
Inciting incident: Impatience, anxiety about politics (dealing with bureaucracy)

Gnarp is from the planet Linnaeus, known for its primitive technology and shattering earthquakes that can break bones just from the vibrations. Because of this, residents of Linnaeus live in houses elevated off the ground on tall climbing posts. Ever since he lost his sibling to a quake accident at an early age, they have been dedicated to a job in safety, innovating to create more preventive measures to keep the planet safe. Some examples include early-warning seismic sensors and more resistant building foundations.

Throughout their experience with safety, however, he has faced many problems with the bureaucratic process and getting things into law. Being extremely frustrated at the long processes, and seeing life after life taken from natural disasters, they have been exploring the cosmos to get some insight into what causes these quakes, and what measures can be taken to save their planet.
===

DOG:
---
Backstory: Fear of unknown, fear of change (home planet very authoritative)
Present: Maintaining control over their life (wanted to have a voice)
Motivation: Getting away from their past (decided the only way was to escape)
Goal: Freedom, going against the grain  (wanders space, carves their own story)
Inciting incident: Betrayal, deception, trickery

Purble is from the planet Barklon, a planet under authoritative regime (think very territorial dogs) that heavily restrict others' freedoms. Purble's parents worked at a fabric store, and were not confrontational in the slightest, teaching Purble to keep their head down at all times. They never understood why things had to be the way they were. 

One day, Purble's parents were taken advantage of by a higher official. They were threatened to give up their land to the government in order for them to build a high-speed railway through their establishment. They agreed to this, and Purble lashed out, not understanding why they gave away their freedoms just to appease a higher power. Since that day, Purble left their planet, wandering space to carve their own story and figure out what life really means to them.
===

OPOSSUM:
---
Backstory: Loss, grief
Present: Heavy partying, isolation
Motivation: Choosing happiness, sudden awareness
Goal: Seeking love, connection
Inciting incident: Weakness, insecurity, raw emotion, pride

As a young joey, Joey was abandoned by their parents at an early age. Most joeys don't survive on their own, but miraculously, they developed street smarts, living to chase highs and go out for nights of partying and isolation -- but none of this ever scratches the itch. 

One night, however, they joined a gang, hoping to find belonging. But during this, they were peer pressured into doing the unthinkable: causing a death on the streets, another young joey, which shook them to their core. This could have been the life set out for them, if they weren't spared. They couldn't continue keep living this life, and is now on a search for what makes life meaningful, looking out to the cosmos.
===

BIRD:
---
Backstory: Love, relationships, passion (initially lovebirds, partner passed away)
Present: Materialism, dissatisfaction (sunk himself into their work, self-deprecating)
Motivation: Quiet power 
Goal: Control, direction, courage (wants to prove their worth through hard work)
Inciting incident: Optimism, trust in life, new beginnings

Alfie once lived a fulfilling life, with a quiet, regular routine as a scientist studying the cosmos. They went to (bird) college, had access to a good (bird) house, and had a long-standing relationship with their (bird) partner, who was adventurous and brought joy and spontaneity to their life. Due to an unpredictable accident, their partner passed away suddenly, leading Alfie to sink themself into their work and become very self-deprecating. 

To keep themself from thinking about their partner, they sink themself into their research. They work virtually every living moment they have, trying to prove their worth through hard work, looking up to the stars.
===